networkMTU                = 1400
displayDamage             = 4
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
mapZoom                   = 100
quickCastAbilities        = true
inventoryItemColors       = true
itemInfoPopUp             = true
showIntro                 = true
useCloud                  = false
autoPickupItems           = 3
autoPotion                = true
autoPotionPercent         = 2
autoPotionManaPercent     = 2
useAdditionalSlots        = true
gameZoom                  = 25.3953
petDefaultBehaviour       = 0
characterActionPriority   = 0
hudHasExtraSkillButton    = true
customPlayerDifficultyIncrease = 0
controllerKeybindPreset   = 0
showHUDXPText             = false
shadows                   = true
resolution                = 0 0
cameraShake               = true
advancedEffects           = true
GameSpeed                 = low
MenuBackground            = 3
masterVolume              = 1
musicVolume               = 1
effectsVolume             = 1
dialogVolume              = 1
inputVolume               = 0.5
ambientFrequency          = medium
rockOn                    = false
voiceOverLanguage         = 0
renderapi                 = 1
textureQuality            = medium
shadowQuality             = medium
reflectionQuality         = low
detailLevel               = medium
detailObjects             = true
lowGraphics               = true
renderScale               = high
fpsLimit                  = 0
showNewTargetOutline      = true
language                  = "Chinese"
gamepadMouseSpeed         = 9
enableX4OutroCinematic    = false
dayNightEnabled           = true
currentCharacterUId       = "80d64e00"
disableDecorations        = false
disableEffects            = false
showHudFps                = false
notchWindowMode           = false
itemFilter                = 0
hudScaleMainButton        = 1
hudScaleSkillButtons      = 1
hudScalePrimarySwap       = 1
hudAlpha                  = 1
