networkMTU                = 1400
displayDamage             = 1
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = false
mapZoom                   = 40
quickCastAbilities        = true
inventoryItemColors       = true
itemInfoPopUp             = true
showIntro                 = true
useCloud                  = false
autoPickupItems           = 0
autoPotion                = true
autoPotionPercent         = 2
autoPotionManaPercent     = 2
useAdditionalSlots        = false
gameZoom                  = 24.216
petDefaultBehaviour       = 0
characterActionPriority   = 0
hudHasExtraSkillButton    = false
controllerKeybindPreset   = 0
showHUDXPText             = true
shadows                   = true
resolution                = 0 0
cameraShake               = true
advancedEffects           = true
GameSpeed                 = low
MenuBackground            = 0
masterVolume              = 1
musicVolume               = 1
effectsVolume             = 1
dialogVolume              = 1
inputVolume               = 0.5
ambientFrequency          = medium
rockOn                    = false
renderapi                 = 1
textureQuality            = medium
shadowQuality             = medium
reflectionQuality         = low
detailLevel               = medium
detailObjects             = true
lowGraphics               = true
renderScale               = high
fpsLimit                  = 0
showNewTargetOutline      = true
language                  = "Chinese"
gamepadMouseSpeed         = 9
dayNightEnabled           = true
currentCharacterUId       = "80d6516d"
disableDecorations        = false
disableEffects            = false
showHudFps                = false
notchWindowMode           = false
itemFilter                = 0
hudScaleMainButton        = 1
hudScaleSkillButtons      = 1
hudScalePrimarySwap       = 1
hudAlpha                  = 1
