networkSpeed              = medium
networkMTU                = 1400
displayDamage             = true
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
autoPotion                = true
dayNightCycle             = true
useCloud                  = true
lowGraphics               = false
halfRefreshRateVsync      = true
textureQuality            = medium
shadowQuality             = medium
shadows                   = true
reflectionQuality         = medium
detailLevel               = low
resolution                = 0 0
antiAliasing              = false
fullscreen                = true
syncToRefresh             = false
tripleBuffer              = true
masterVolume              = 0.99
musicVolume               = 0.99
effectsVolume             = 0.99
dialogVolume              = 0.99
ambientFrequency          = medium
rockOn                    = false
device                    = Direct3D
language                  = English
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
askRating                 = false
nbLaunch                  = 101
upCloud                   = false
showCloudMsg              = true
itemBrokenFilter          = false
itemCommonFilter          = false
itemMagicalFilter         = false
itemRareFilter            = false
itemEpicFilter            = false
itemLegendaryFilter       = true
